Translation credit to yusukekira, subtitles by PotatoLand
Besides all such important matters in this world, oh, tell me,
Why is it that we still can’t share the secrets that we both keep?
The distance between our hearts is too big to be measured
This whole situation’s just way too absurd
Chelsea Hotel’s curtains have already started closing
Like Sid and Nancy, victims of a love that kept on growing
Just when I thought that I would get your heart in the end,
everything that I knew turned out to be just pretend
The more I know, the more it is killing me
Yet, I can’t help but still be curious
These small quiet prayers, the same old tragic patterns
But this love I seek seems to be out of reach
The more I know, the more it is killing me
Yet, I can’t help but still be curious
In this mess you put me in
My words just scatter when I try to tell you just how I feel
I look away and back at you, but still, nothing has changed now
My temperature’s too high, this fever keeps on weighing me down
My throbbing headache from the low air pressure makes me doubt
This stationary front will ever go away
Even through a scope lens, I can’t ever look in your eyes
A brutal, deadly trap like it was set by Bonnie and Clyde
Adrift radio waves, they keep emitting from my mind
I guess that it’s fine, guess it’s time that this fades out
The more I see, the more it’s confusing me
Yet, I can’t help but keep observing it
These thoughts in my head are spinning round and round
‘Cause all that pride that you hold is troubling, you know?
The more I see, the more it’s confusing me
Yet, I can’t help but keep observing it
Scattering, till these complications have dissolved
But do I really want them to go?
This illness plaguing me, there’s no way you could ever cure it
My health is getting worse every day
A fatal sweetness luring me, then knocking me down
But I don’t want it any other way, so tell me why
The more I know, the more it is killing me
Still, that’s not gonna keep me from learning
These small quiet prayers, the same old tragic pattern
But this love I seek seems to be out of reach
The more I know, the more it is killing me
Yet, I can’t help but still be curious
In this mess you put me in
My words just scatter when I try to tell you just how I feel
So guess I’ll just pretend that this love isn’t real